---
keywords: fastai
title: Lesson 17 and 18 hacks
toc: true
badges: true
comments: true
author: Ryan McWeeny
categories: [week16]
nb_path: _notebooks/2022-12-14-lessons-17-and-18.ipynb
layout: notebook
---

<!--
#################################################
### THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! ###
#################################################
# file to edit: _notebooks/2022-12-14-lessons-17-and-18.ipynb
-->

<div class="container" id="notebook-container">
        
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h1 id="Vocab">Vocab<a class="anchor-link" href="#Vocab"> </a></h1><ul>
<li>Problem:  description of a task that may or may not be able to be solved through the use of an algorithm.</li>
<li>Decision problem:  a problem with a binary answer (yes or no).</li>
<li>Optimization problem:  a problem with the objective of finding the BEST solution amongst many possibilities to solve a problem.</li>
<li>Decidable problem:  problem for which algorithms can be written to solve/produce a correct output for all possible inputs.</li>
<li>Undecidable problem:  These are problems for which no algorithms can be built that can provide a correct yes or no answer.</li>
</ul>
<h1 id="Notes">Notes<a class="anchor-link" href="#Notes"> </a></h1><ul>
<li>An algorithm's efficiency is determine through formal or mathematical reasoning.</li>
<li>An algorithm’s efficiency can be informally measured by determining the number of times a statement or group of statements executes.</li>
<li>Algorithms with a polynomial efficiency or slower (constant, linear, square, cube, etc.) are said to run in a reasonable amount of time. Algorithms with exponential or factorial efficiencies are examples of algorithms that run in an unreasonable amount of time.</li>
<li>Some problems cannot be solved in a reasonable amount of time because there is no efficient algorithm for solving them. In these cases, approximate solutions are sought.</li>
</ul>
<h1 id="Hacks">Hacks<a class="anchor-link" href="#Hacks"> </a></h1><ol>
<li><p>Decidable problems are designed to produce an output for every possible input, and example is Linear Search. Undecidable problems cannot have algorithms be built that can produce a correct answer an example is a paradox.</p>
</li>
<li></li>
</ol>

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
 

